[Form] form add extra data (#20853)
symfony/symfony-docs: forms.rst

They can be retrieved via the ``getExtraData`` :class:`Symfony\\Component\\Form\\FormTypeInterface`.

This is a creation user form::

    // ...
    use App\User;
    use Symfony\Component\Form\Extension\Core\Type\CheckboxType;
    use Symfony\Component\Form\Extension\Core\Type\SubmitType;
    use Symfony\Component\Form\FormBuilderInterface;

    class UserCreateType extends AbstractType
    {
        public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
        {
            $builder
                ->add('username', TextType::class)
                ->add('email', EmailType::class)
            ;
        }

        public function configureOptions(OptionsResolver $resolver)
        {
            $resolver->setDefaults([
                'data_class' => User::class,
            ]);
        }
    }

The extra fields can be injected like this:

.. code-block:: html+twig

    {# templates/user/create.html.twig #}
    {{ form_start(form) }}
        {{ form_row(form.username) }}
        {{ form_row(form.email) }}

        {# Hidden field to send additional referral code #}

>         <input type="hidden" name="user_create[referralCode]" value="{{ referralCode }}"/>

Reviewer: isnt it usefull to also add a note on from where this "`user_create`" value comes from?
as it is a "niche feature" I would assume one knows but just in case ^^

Author: A note to explain `user_create` is the name of the form?

Reviewer: Yes because it will only works of this handwritten name is correct according to symfony way of doing right?

Reviewer: Ref https://symfony.com/doc/current/forms.html#changing-the-form-name

Author: I added description, what do you thinks ?

Reviewer: I like it, much more precise imho

Reviewer 2: or you can use `{{ form.vars.full_name ~ '[referralCode]' }}` to render the form name dynamically

Author: > or you can use `{{ form.vars.full_name ~ '[referralCode]' }}` to render the form name dynamically

Ok I added it

Additionally, if there are any fields on the form that aren't included in
the submitted data, those fields will be explicitly set to ``null``.

Extra fields
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> All form fields are considered properties of the object but you can inject fields directly into your view without specifying them in the form definition.

Reviewer: Symfony doc has a rule of max char per line, can you try to mimic a line length above?

fields directly into your view without specifying them in the form definition.

> They can be retrieved via the ``getExtraData`` :class:`Symfony\\Component\\Form\\FormTypeInterface`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
They can be retrieved via the :method:`FormInterface::getExtraData() <Symfony\\Component\\Form\\FormInterface::getExtraData>`
method.
```

    {
        public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
        {
            $builder
                ->add('username', TextType::class)
                ->add('email', EmailType::class)
            ;
        }

        public function configureOptions(OptionsResolver $resolver)
        {
            $resolver->setDefaults([
                'data_class' => User::class,
            ]);
        }
    }

The extra fields can be injected like this:

.. code-block:: html+twig

    {# templates/user/create.html.twig #}
    {{ form_start(form) }}
        {{ form_row(form.username) }}
        {{ form_row(form.email) }}

        {# Hidden field to send additional referral code #}
        <input type="hidden" name="user_create[referralCode]" value="{{ referralCode }}"/>

        <button type="submit">Submit</button>
    {{ form_end(form) }}

Here, the referral code is an extra field injected at view level.

The field name is composed of form ``user_create`` and the field name ``referralCode``.
It's automatically generated from the form class name. You can :ref:`override it <changing-the-form-name>`

Or you can use

.. code-block:: twig

>     {{ form.vars.full_name ~ '[referralCode]' }}

Reviewer 4: I would remove this extra code block and use the dynamic approach above instead.
